[MUSIC]
>> Will: Justin C wants to know
what you think about Koa.js.
>> Scott Moss: Koa, Koa, that's
Express ES2015 with generators, right?
>> Will: I honestly have no idea.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, Koa is great.
It's the same people who made
express of today how I'm talking.
>> Speaker 3: Aren't you going to
cover this in your next video?
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, so
we're going to talk more about
service side technologies online
the next workshop starting tomorrow with
note but Koa yeah as a node, js framework.
That's kind of like Express but
uses generators and
somewhat other stuff is just a framework.
Me personally I still just
prefer to use Express.
>> Will: Cool, Pinnnick M wants to
know how does one manager reduce lots
of dependency injection in controllers or
working on Ajax?
>> Scott Moss: Make higher level services,
so if you have like a lot of things being
injected into the controller, make a
service that injects all those things, and
inject that one service
into your controller.
So you have like higher order services
that compose smaller services together.
>> Will: Just kind of create layers.
>> Scott Moss: Yep, just more layers.
>> Will: Yeah, I would agree with that.
Dominic R wants to know that he
understands that jspm is more complicated
to configure and set up, and that's one of
the reasons you chose Webpack for this.
But long term,
should someone be looking at jspm or
Webpack for future projects, I guess?
>> Scott Moss: For future projects, look
at jspm, but it also depends on how you
feel with your skill level, jspm is
really really tough to use right now,
I had to like contact the creator
of it to figure out some stuff.
And so it's kind of tough, but
long term definitely look toward it
because that's what Angular two was using.
And it follows the specs
session.js is literally the spec.
Webpack is just awesome right now because
it's using node.js which has been
around for a while.
And is because of that people are so
familiar with it,
they can builld types
of plug-ins with it but
when ES2015 becomes final I mean this
final is all I was fully implemented.
Soon .js is gonna be
the familiar thing and
people are going to start
developing stuff for that, so.
I definitely keep an eye on it and
you could pretty much solve all your basic
needs right now but for more complicated
builds you're gonna have a challenge.
You're going to have to make
some stuff yourself, or
just like not use those things at all.
>> Will: Rob W wants to know if you can
use jspm as a replacement for Gulp?
Or if you still think you need
a build tool like gulp in addition.
>> Scott Moss: No you definitely
don't need gulp for webpack or jspm.
As far as I compiling down our
ES2015 modules and our ES2015 codes,
we don't need gulp for any of that.
That’s not what gulp is doing, so
definitely don't need gulp for that.
But would I still use gulp with jspm,
yeah, I would and
that’s because I do other things than just
transpiling as far as running a server.
And creating documentation or
as you can solve a made component
tasks that generate component.
So I still use gulp for those things but
as far as like transpiling the files and
what not,
that'll be solely either jspm or Webpack.
>> Will: Cool, Horatio H wants
to know what kind of strategy
you would use for
having dynamic templates.
I think you kinda covered this with
how Yeoman does things like prompting.
The example he's giving
is if inside /blog,
you wanted to update post versus technical
posts versus picture posts maybe.
[CROSSTALK]
>> Scott Moss: But
so like-
>> Will: So if you wanted a-
>> Scott Moss: Like this
template right here?
>> Will: Component generation with
different kinds of templates in it,
yeah I suppose.
Yeah.
>> Scott Moss: Okay so
if it's on the component generation
level then yeah that's basically,
you need to configure the task
that's making the generation.
So the options we talked about where have
like command line GUI that you can type
and stuff are passing flags but it's like
on the level of like I want that to be
different at call time that has
been executed in JavaScript.
Then the way you would do that
is you would have to have like,
you have to make a link
function here that would and
then your component to have
to take an attributes, right?
Maybe I'll take it to objects that object
might have different properties on it and
depending on those properties of that
object you would replace the template for
this directive.
So that's what he's talked about
like I made a call to a server and
once I'm outside control and
I came back like passing that data to
the blog directive and based on that data,
I wanted to render a different component,
or I mean, I'm sorry,
a different template.
Then yeah, that's how you would do that.
So you would have to use the compile
service for that though, and
recompile the template for the directive.
>> Will: Cool, let me check in
with Horatio to make sure that's
that last one, thanks.
Okay yep, so it was just what
you were just explaining, cool.
>> Scott Moss: Okay.
>> Will: Trying to see
if I had any other ones,
>> Will: John M wants to clarify
are React Native script cross-platform or
are they just for iOS?
>> Scott Moss: React Native is
cross-platform they released iOS first
they just released their first
Android app couple weeks ago,
it's a Facebook ad app built
with Android and React Native.
So they're gonna release a source for
that eventually, it's not open source yet
for Android.
Native script is cross-platform right
now for iOS, Android, and Windows.
>> Will: Cool, Dominic R wants
to know thoughts on server side
rendering versus client side rendering.
>> Scott Moss: Well and then there's
a big argument as far as like SEO goes.
That was like the thing
a couple of years ago.
SEO is great, which is true but Google's
really good at rendering JavaScript.
In fact, there's a really good read that
I read a couple of weeks ago that talks
about this.
About how this company
tested Google's crawler and
how it renders JavaScript and
their tests came back pretty pretty well.
So here is this is block it's right here.
We tested how Googlebot Crawls JavaScript,
here's what we learn.
Is a really good read was just
published in May of this year and
it's pretty good of how Google can
read JavaScript, TL;DR is pretty good.
So, SEO as an argument I think, I mean if
you only care about Google I think you can
get away with that,
if you care about other search engines.
Definitely want service that
servers are running, but
the other argument is like there
first time to load, right?
Because if you have a spa and
your whole client, is downloading all the
JavaScript in that first initial load your
gonna have that time of delay it
was trying to get that JavaScript.
So service-side JavaScript or the new
name which is universal JavaScript.
The new term definitely better as
far as like first time in a row
turns out you can't really do it.
Well, if at all, with Angular 1x right
now, with React you can totally do it.
Angular 2 my friends actually working
on the integration for that and
you can tell they do it.
So if I had the choice to do it and
that performance was a big thing for
me I would definitely do it but
I wouldn't do it for SEO.
>> Will: Cool, Miko R is asking if there's
any component libraries worth using?
I'm getting him to
clarify at what he means.
He said UI bootstrap, but not that.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah,
Angular Material for sure.
Supported by Angular and built in
collaboration with the community and
ionic team.
This is a really good one.
Probably the best one for Angular.
There are other stuff out
there that work pretty good.
This was really guys.
One of the better ones I've seen.
There is AngularStrap
which is really good to.
It's like an alternative to
Angular Bootstrap or Angular UI.
This was actually kept up to date it
doesn't have 30,000 pool requests like
Angular UI does.
So, if you are in a bootstrap you want
that I would tell you use this one.
So, those are the two that
I can recommend at the top.
I'm sorry one more, there is LumX.
L-U-M-X this one's pretty good, too.
It's a material design and
it's built just for Angular.
>> Scott Moss: It's not turned
up to Angular material.
So, this one's really, really good, too.
It's got some really cool stuff in it that
I don't think angler has implemented yet
but it's nice to see different
approaches of the same thing.
So this is really cool
>> Will: Would
you mind posting links
to those in the chat?
>> Scott Moss: Yeah I'm sorry I forgot.
>> Will: No, that's fine.
>> Scott Moss: Chat right here.
>> Will: I mean you just Googled
the thing and clicked on it.
So it's not like it's that hard.
It does help to have them, I feel.
>> Scott Moss: Okay, I've got to log
back in to the chat, any more questions?
>> Speaker 3: You can log into the chat
on your own computer, it's easier.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah,
I don't know why I'm not doing that.
>> Scott Moss: Is there any more
questions over there, Will?
>> Will: We just got another one, does
Webpack output bundle.css for production?
>> Scott Moss: No it just by default, so
web pack doesn't know what to do
is the loaders that does the job.
So the loaders are the one that are there
placing the CSS in the head tag so
if you don't want the CSS in the head
tag don't use a style loader.
If you want to be bundled somewhere else.
Then you would have to tell
WebPack to split that up.
And the configuration for
that is on the WebPack website
>> Will: It looks like some of our cohorts
are preempting you, in a good way.
>> Scott Moss: Nice.
>> Will: So I guess I'm a little
fuzzy on how that works,
from a
>> Will: Waterfall diagram
like the performance output
in the Chrome dev tools tab.
What does that look like?
So I load my page and
I have just the one bundle.js, right?
>> Scott Moss: Right.
>> Will: And that starts running and it
sees I need some CSS files and it goes and
requests them.
Or like before it gets served,
it puts them in the head?
Like of the html file?
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, so
it's the JavaScript that's
writing those script tags, right?
So, browser loads up,
there's nothing in the head.
It sees the bundle.js, it loads that.
The first thing that happens in our
bundle.js is that it mocks common.js.
That's the first thing it does,
to make sure modules exist.
And then, depending on the orders of
your imports, if you import Angular or
whatever first, it starts reading those.
So let's assume you imported the stylus
file there's CSS files first.
If you go look at what that compiles down
to it's actually just going to a dozen
checks and it sees if there's a style tag
in there already and if not it adds one.
So that's what happens.
The other JavaScript would our render
first right?
And then so
that means until you go to another module.
I want to put another style tag in there
until you go to the first time, right?
So yeah that's how that works but
the JavaScript does have to load up first,
It won't just like,
assumes a page loads up and
sticks it in there
the bundle has to be read.
So if you want to have that before,
then yeah, you'd have to split that off.
And so Webpack do not do this.
I'm not gonna use a style tag,
I'm just gonna just maybe I'm
not really gonna use the tags.
Maybe I'm just gonna use
a regular link tags.
Or if you want, just put them off and
make a new CSS bundle file.
Webpack can do that and so can go.